Continous integration through travis (#5)
mun-lang/book: README.md

# The Mun Programming Language

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mun-lang/book.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/rust-lang/book)

This repository contains the source of "The Mun Programming Language" book.

## Requirements

Building the book requires

> [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/mdBook), ideally version 0.3.x. To get it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/mdBook), ideally version 0.3.x. To install it, run:
```

```
$ cargo install mdbook --vers [version-num]
```

## Building

To build the book, type:

```
$ mdbook build 
```

> The output will be in the book subdirectory. To check it out open it in your web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output will be in the book subdirectory. To view the book, open it in your web
```
